Welcome friends! Below is my tried and true recipe for scotcheroos (midwest classic no-bake dessert)

Recommend making a double batch since it will use a full bottle of karo syrup and a full box of cereal which leaves no weird ingredient left overs.  
I typically buy all the ingredients at Aldi and the pans at the dollar tree. Total cost is typically close to $20 (depends if I need more sugar or peanut butter)
The recipe below is a double batch and makes 48 bars, roughly 292 calories/bar. 


Ingredients:
- 1, 11 oz box of rice crisy cereal (generic is fine)
- 2 cups granulated sugar
- 2 cups light corn syrup (recommend generic karo syrup)
- 2 cups creamy peanut butter (a small jar is usually the perfect amount if you are typically a crunchy peanut butter person)
- 2, 12 oz bags of semi-sweet chocolate chips (I do not recommmend getting a large bag, it is much easier to have the perfect coating amount if you have a separate bag of chips for each batch)
- 2, 12 oz bags of butterscotch chips
- 2, 9x13 inch aluminum baking pans (at least 1 inch deep)

Instructions: 
Base
1. Place cereal in a large bowl
2. In a large saucepan, over medium heat, combine sugar & corn syrup stirring constantly
3. Bring to a boil then IMMEDIATELY pull off the heat
4. Stir the peanut butter into the saucepan until well combined
5. Pour the peanut butter mixure into the cereal bowl and stir until well combined
6. Press the peanut butter cereal into the bottom of the baking pans, ensure a level and even spread

Topping
1. Add 1 bag of the chocolate chips to a microwave safe bowl and microwave for 1 minute, stir, then microwave and stir for 30 second increments until the chocolate is fully liquid
2. Repeat step 1 with 1 bag of the butterscotch chips 
3. Combine the melted butterscotch and chocolate chips in a separate bowl
4. Spread the mixure on top of one of the pans with the peanut butter cereal mix
5. Recommend using a rubber spatula or back of spoon to ensure an even spread 
6. Repeat steps 1 - 6 with the second bag of chocolate and butterscotch chips for the second pan

Final
1. Place in freezer for 1 hour or leave out overnight so the topping can firm up.
2. Cut and serve! 
3. Note - it does not need to be stored in the fridge and keeps very well in air-tight containers.
